doc: Add MicroCloud 1 EOL notice (#715)
canonical/microcloud: doc/how-to/support.md

It's recommended to use the `<track>/stable` channels for production deployments.
```

```{important}

> MicroCloud `1/(stable|candidate|edge)` will reach EOL at the end of April 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroCloud `1/(stable|candidate|edge)` reaches EOL at the end of April 2025.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Make sure to upgrade to the LTS track `2` before this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to upgrade to the `2` LTS track before this date.
```

Reviewer: Just to be consistent with previous usage

Author: Fixed.
